[Music]
all right good afternoon everybody
walking out to give unscheduled remarks
vice president kamla Harris made clear
she had one message for the Israeli
Prime Minister on the proposed ceasefire
as I just told prime minister Netanyahu
it is time to get this deal
done so to everyone who has been calling
for a ceasefire and to everyone who
yearns for peace I see you and I hear
you uned will never be the
a new and clear message to the pro
Palestinian protesters who have mostly
been dismissed by the Biden
Administration and while she pledged
Ironclad support for Israel she spoke at
length about the horrors the Palestinian
people have been suffering for so long
what has happened in Gaza over the past
9 months is devastating the images of
dead children and desperate hungry
people fleeing for safety sometimes dis
placed for the second third or fourth
time we cannot look away in the face of
these tragedies we cannot allow
ourselves to become numb to the
suffering and I will not be silent this
is not how American officials usually
speak about Palestinians they very
rarely talk this way about the human
toll the Dead the starving and in both
meetings when the Press was allowed in
sending a clear message to the Israeli
prime minister by what they didn't say
very few words of welcome and no praise
for their visitor which almost never
happens we got a lot to talk about our
conversation the Biden Administration
says they are close to finalizing the
ceasefire proposal and some analysts see
renewed reason to hope the knesset goes
into recess July
28th and during a recess which will last
until late October shortly before our
elections here it's impossible to bring
down a an Israeli government so if Mr
netanel wants to do a deal he will have
the political space and the absence of
pressure from his right wing to do a
deal if prime minister Netanyahu came to
Washington to prove he still has us
support he leaves knowing the images
painted a much different picture around
half of the Democrats in the house and
the Senate boycotted his speech to
Congress and the Biden administ ation is
clearly losing patience with him and his
continued war on Gaza Patty Cain Al jaaz
Washington well
prot make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer